in_windows_exporter_metrics: Add descriptions for service collector. (#1140)
fluent/fluent-bit-docs: pipeline/inputs/windows-exporter-metrics.md

| we.logical\_disk.allow\_disk\_regex | Specify the regex for logical disk metrics to allow collection of. Collect all by default. | "/.+/"    |
| we.logical\_disk.deny\_disk\_regex  | Specify the regex for logical disk metrics to prevent collection of/ignore. Allow all by default. | `NULL`    |
|we.net.allow\_nic\_regex            | Specify the regex for network metrics captured by the name of the NIC, by default captures all NICs but to exclude adjust the regex.  | "/.+/"    |
| we.service.where           | Specify the where clause for retrieving service metrics.  | `NULL`   |

> | we.service.include         | Specify the key value condition pairs for includeing condition to construct where clause of service metrics. | `NULL`   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| we.service.include         | Specify the key value pairs for the include condition for the WHERE clause of service metrics. | `NULL`   |
```

There was a typo but the sentence does not make sense to me.

> | we.service.exclude         | Specify the key value condition pairs for excludeing condition to construct where clause of service metrics. | `NULL`   |

Reviewer: Typo on `excluding`

Author: I think that we should unify the sentence structure for include one.
https://github.com/fluent/fluent-bit-docs/pull/1140/commits/9411809ec955cde5ec48889adedab2c28dba70de

curl http://127.0.0.1:2021/metrics
```

### Service where clause

Windows service collector will retrieve entire service information in the local box.
`we.service.where`, `we.service.include`, and `we.service.exclude` can operate to reduce the volume of the service metrics.

> To reduce the amount of this metrics, users have to use where clause.

Reviewer: I think we should uppercase WHERE, it's not the normal word but a specific syntax?

Author: Right. I used upper case for where clause description here.

curl http://127.0.0.1:2021/metrics
```

### Service where clause

> Windows service collector will retrieve entire service information in the local box.

Author: I haven't heard for managing Window service inside the dockerized Windows container before.
Surprisingly, it can be handled inside the environment...!

ref: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/60541158/dockerizing-a-windows-service

> Windows service collector will retrieve entire service information in the local box.

Reviewer: I mean a container is just a "properly" isolated process so really this is relevant to whatever isolation people may apply :-)

`we.service.where`, `we.service.include`, and `we.service.exclude` can operate to reduce the volume of the service metrics.

To reduce the amount of this metrics, users have to use WHERE clause.
This syntax is defined in [the WMI Query Language(WQL)](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/win32/wmisdk/wql-sql-for-wmi).

Here is how these parameters should work:

#### we.service.where

`we.service.where` is just handled as normal where clause.
When a user specify the parameter as follows:

```
we.service.where Status!='OK'
```

> The WMI query should be called as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This creates a WMI query like so:
```

```
SELECT * FROM Win32_Service WHERE Status!='OK'
```

Then, WMI mechanism should return the information which has not OK status in this example.

### we.service.include

> `we.service.include` is interpreted into where clause.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When defined, the `we.service.include` is interpreted into a WHERE clause.
```

> If the multiple key-value pairs are specified, the values will be concatenated with `OR`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If multiple key-value pairs are specified, the values will be concatenated with `OR`.
```

> Also, the values contain `%` character, `LIKE` operator should be used in the transrated clause instead of `=` operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, if the values contain `%` character then a `LIKE` operator will be used in the clause instead of the `=` operator.
```

> When a user specify the parameter as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a user specifies the parameter as follows:
```

```python
we.service.include {"Name":"docker","Name":"%Svc%", "Name":"%Service"}
```

> The parameter should be interpreted as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The parameter will be interpreted as:
```

```
(Name='docker' OR Name LIKE '%Svc%' OR Name LIKE '%Service')
```

> The WMI query should be called with the translated parameter as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The WMI query will be called with the translated parameter as:
```

```
SELECT * FROM Win32_Service WHERE (Name='docker' OR Name LIKE '%Svc%' OR Name LIKE '%Service')
```

### we.service.exclude

> `we.service.where` is interpreted into where clause.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When defined, the `we.service.where` is interpreted into a WHERE clause.
```

Author: This could be done in https://github.com/fluent/fluent-bit-docs/pull/1140/commits/3f742c5fb5a82d4556be3f496e2f1f4325867f9a

> If the multiple key-value pairs are specified, the values will be concatenated with `AND`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If multiple key-value pairs are specified, the values will be concatenated with `AND`.
``

> Also, the values contain `%` character, `LIKE` operator should be used in the translated clause instead of `!=` operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, if the values contain `%` character then a `LIKE` operator will be used in the translated clause instead of the `!=` operator.
```

> When a user specify the parameter as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a user specifies the parameter as follows:
```

```python
we.service.exclude {"Name":"UdkUserSvc%","Name":"webthreatdefusersvc%","Name":"XboxNetApiSvc"}
```

> The parameter should be interpreted as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The parameter will be interpreted as:
```

```
(NOT Name LIKE 'UdkUserSvc%' AND NOT Name LIKE 'webthreatdefusersvc%' AND Name!='XboxNetApiSvc')
```

> The WMI query should be called with the translated parameter as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The WMI query will be called with the translated parameter as:
```

```
SELECT * FROM Win32_Service WHERE (NOT Name LIKE 'UdkUserSvc%' AND NOT Name LIKE 'webthreatdefusersvc%' AND Name!='XboxNetApiSvc')
```

> ### advanced usages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Advanced usage
```

> `we.service.where`, `we.service.include`, and `we.service.exclude` can be used in the same time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`we.service.where`, `we.service.include`, and `we.service.exclude` can all be used at the same time subject to the following rules.
``

> However, these parameters are prioritized as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

1. `we.service.include` translated and applied into the where clause in the service collector
1. `we.service.exclude` translated and applied into the where clause in the service collector
    1. If the `we.service.include` is applied, translated `we.service.include` and `we.service.exclude` conditions are concatenated with `AND`.
1. `we.service.where` is just handled as-is into the where clause in the service collector .
    1. If either of the above parameters is applied, the clause will be applied with `AND (` _the value of `we.service.where`_ `)`.

> 

Reviewer: Maybe a simple example here?

Author: Sure. Let's add example for this section.

Author: I added an example for this case: https://github.com/fluent/fluent-bit-docs/pull/1140/commits/efab53fd419f4b0af7847cbda13402ec37c3324a
